{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 6. Tech Explorations The Electronics Workbench: a\'85\
5. Raspberry Pi Workshop 2018 Become a Coder/ Maker/\'85\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. Mastering Microcontroller with Embedded Driver Development\'85\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4. ARM Cortex-M Interfacing with Keyboards and LCD\'92s\'85\
25. Learn to Design Your Own Boards\
15. Embedded Systems Bare-Metal Programming Ground\'85\
8. ARM Cortex-M: Modular Embedded Systems Design\'85\
23. ARM CMSIS-RTOS RTX: Real-Time Application\'85\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2. Build Your Own RealTime OS (RTOS) From Ground Up on\'85 (part 1)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3. Build Your Own RealTime OS (RTOS) From Ground Up on\'85 (part 2)\
21. Mastering RTOS: Hands on FreeRTOS and STM32Fx with\'85\
17. ARM Raspberry Pi Assembly Language From Ground Up\
9. Introduction to ARM Cortex-M Assembly Programming (FREE)\
10. Become Zero to Hero in vldi design [comprehensive video]\
14. Electricity & electronics - Robotics, learn by building\
20. Mastering Microcontroller: Timers, PWM, CAN, RTC, LOW\'85\
24. Embedded Systems Programming on ARM Cortex\'85\
18. Tech Explorations Arduino Step by Step: Getting Started\
19. Tech Explorations Arduino Step by Step: Getting Serious\
16. Crash Course Electronics and PCB Design\
22. Digital Electronics: Robotics, learn by building module II\
\
13. 8051 Microcontroller\
7. Introduction to FPGA\'92s and prototyping with the Elbert\
11. Starting with Altium Designer\
12. Starting with OrCAD and Cadence Allegro PCB\
}