{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red255\green255\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh13700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Computer Science Udemy Courses\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \ulnone 1. Graph Theory Algorithms*\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 2. Easy to Advanced Data Structures*\cb1 \
3. SQL Beginner to Guru: MySQL Edition - Master SQL with\'85\
4. Database Design*\
5. Mastering Data Structures & Algorithms using C and C++\
6. The Coding Interview Bootcamp: Algorithms + Data Structures\'85\
7. IP Addressing and Sub-netting*\
8. Mathematical Foundation For Machine Learning and AI*\
9. Deep Learning A-Z: Hands-On Artificial Neural Networks*\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \ul Parked:
\i0 \ulnone \
1. Advanced Algorithms (Graph Algorithms) in Java\
2. Algorithms and Software Engineering for Professionals\
3. Introduction to Algorithms and Data Structures in C++\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Algorithms and Data Structures Books\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \ulnone 1. Cracking the Coding Interview - Gayle Laakmann McDowell*
\b \cb1 \ul \

\b0 \cb2 \ulnone 2. Discrete Mathematical Structures*\cb1 \
3. Programming Interviews Exposed*\
4. Graph Theory and Combinatorics\
5. Introduction to Algorithms: CLRS*\
6. Algorithm Design: Kleinberg & Tardos*\
7. Machine Learning - Mitchel*\
8. Algorithm Design Manual\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Computer Architecture Books
\b0 \ulnone \
1. Computer Architecture
\b \ul \
\
Computer Science MIT Courses (https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/)
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 \ul Programming
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 1. Advanced Data Structures*\cb1 \
2. Software Construction*\
3. Performance Engineering of Software Systems*\
4. Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs*\
5. Multicore Programming Primer*\
6. Algorithmic Lower Bounds: Fun with Hardness Proofs\
7. Introduction to Mathematical Programming*\
8. Parallel Computing*\
9. User Interface Design and Implementation*\
10. Introduction to C and C++\
11. Practical Programming in C\
12. Effective Programming in C and C++*\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 \ul Systems
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 1. Computation Structures*\cb1 \
2. Computer System Engineering*\
3. Operating System Engineering*\
4. Software Engineering for Web Applications\
5. Distributed Computer Systems Engineering*\
6. Networks*\
7. Database Systems*\
8. Principles of Digital Communication\
9. Underactuated Robotics\
10. Machine Vision\
11. Cognitive Robotics\
12. Computer Systems Security\
13. Network optimisation\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 \ul Mathematics\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \ulnone 1. Queues: Theory and Applications*\cb1 \
2. Matrix Methods in Data Analysis, Signal Processing\
3. Fundamentals of Probability*\
4. Machine Learning*\
5. Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability\
6. Automata, Computability, and Complexity\
7. Discrete Stochastic Processes\
8. Advanced Stochastic Processes\
9. Introduction to Numerical Methods*\
10. Information Theory\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 \ul Engineering\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \ulnone 1. Engineering Innovation and Design\cb1 \
2. Development of Inventions and Creative Ideas\
3. Engineering Risk-Benefit Analysis\
4. Ethics for Engineers\
5. Management in Engineering\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Systems Engineering MIT Courses\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \cb2 \ulnone 1. Systems Engineering*\cb1 \
2. Engineering Systems Analysis for Design*
\b \ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone 3. Introduction to Engineering Systems\
4. Frameworks and Models in Engineering Systems/ Engineering System Design*\
5. Technology-based Business Transformation\
6. Organising for Innovative Product Development\
7. Project Management*\
8. Database, Internet and Systems Integration Technologies\
9. System Architecture*\
10. Systems Leadership and Management Praxis\
11. Network Representations of Complex Engineering Systems\
12. Advanced System Architecture*\
13. Seminar on Health Care Systems Innovation*\
14. Aircraft Systems Engineering*\
15. Space System Architecture and Design*\
16. Engineering Risk-Benefit Analysis\
17. System Project Management*\
18. Integrating the Lean Enterprise*\
19. Introduction to Lean Six Sigma Methods*\
20. Models, Data and Inference for Socio-Technical Systems}