{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12520\viewh13720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Googleyness:\
1. Google career page\
2. Motto: Do the right thing and don\'92t be evil\
	1. Positivity\
	2. Friendliness\
	3. Team Player\
	4. Transparent\
	5. Life Long Learner\
	6. Respectful\
	7. Valuing Yourself & Others\
	8. High Standards\
	9. Ethical\
	10. Humble\
	11. Committed\
	12. Trustworthy\
	13. Helpful\
	14. Integrity\
	15. Fun\
	16. Courteous\
	17. Caring\
	18. Passionate\
	19. Playful\
	20. Energetic\
	21. High EQ\
\
Item 1: Do the right thing\
	1. Being honest and kind\
		1. Being a good person\
			1. How does it show up?\
				1. Manner we interact with interviewers and anybody we encounter (recruiting coordinator, receptionist, cafe, \'85) - pay close attention\
				2. In answers\
					1. Fully transparent\
						1. Answers should have integrity\
Item 2: Use of Words\
	1. Positivity\
		1. How to have positivity in all my interactions (anything negative, we can bring people down)\
			1. Change 
\b problem
\b0  into 
\b opportunity
\b0 \
			2. Be energetic (talk about positivity)\
				1. Mistake can be called learning opportunity\
					1. How I have adapted and adjusted in my career\
		2. Look at the positive side of everything\
	2. Gender\
		1. Use person\'92s name instead of mentioning gender (like female, \'85)\
			1. Don\'92t be gender specific in conversation\
	3. Politiical correctness\
		1. Anything that does not fall in this category will be detrimental for me\
			1. Answers should be ethical and respectful}