{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Software Construction: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/ans7870/6/6.005/s16/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://ocw.mit.edu/ans7870/6/6.005/s16/}}\
2. Software Engineering for Internet Applications: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://philip.greenspun.com/seia/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 http://philip.greenspun.com/seia/}}\
1. Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs\
2. Computation Structures\
3. Mathematics for Computer Science\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4. Advanced Data Structures: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0yzrZL1py0&list=PLUl4u3cNGP61hsJNdULdudlRL493b-XZf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0yzrZL1py0&list=PLUl4u3cNGP61hsJNdULdudlRL493b-XZf}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5. Introduction to Algorithms\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6. Algorithmic Lower Bounds\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7. Performance Engineering of Software Systems: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-172-performance-engineering-of-software-systems-fall-2010/video-lectures/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-172-performance-engineering-of-software-systems-fall-2010/video-lectures/}}\
8. Multicore Programming Primer\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9. Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 10. Discrete Stochastic Processes\
11. Artificial Intelligence\
12. Underactuated Robotics\
13. Computer Language Engineering: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-035-computer-language-engineering-sma-5502-fall-2005/lecture-notes/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-035-computer-language-engineering-sma-5502-fall-2005/lecture-notes/}}\
14. Autonomous Robot Design Competition: s{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ia800201.us.archive.org/9/items/MIT6.270IAP05/ocw-6.270-comp-26jan2005-220k_512kb.mp4"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 http://ia800201.us.archive.org/9/items/MIT6.270IAP05/ocw-6.270-comp-26jan2005-220k_512kb.mp4}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  \
15. Cognitive Robotics: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/aeronautics-and-astronautics/16-412j-cognitive-robotics-spring-2016/videos-for-advanced-lectures/"}}{\fldrslt https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/aeronautics-and-astronautics/16-412j-cognitive-robotics-spring-2016/videos-for-advanced-lectures/}}\
16. Engineering Innovation and Design: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/engineering-systems-division/esd-051j-engineering-innovation-and-design-fall-2012/lecture-notes-and-videos/"}}{\fldrslt https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/engineering-systems-division/esd-051j-engineering-innovation-and-design-fall-2012/lecture-notes-and-videos/}}\
17. Automata, Computability and Complexity: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-045j-automata-computability-and-complexity-spring-2011/lecture-notes/"}}{\fldrslt https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-045j-automata-computability-and-complexity-spring-2011/lecture-notes/}}\
18. Design and Analysis of Algorithms: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-design-and-analysis-of-algorithms-spring-2015/lecture-videos/"}}{\fldrslt https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-046j-design-and-analysis-of-algorithms-spring-2015/lecture-videos/}}\
19. Introduction to MATLAB: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-057-introduction-to-matlab-january-iap-2019/"}}{\fldrslt https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-057-introduction-to-matlab-january-iap-2019/}}\
20. \
\
\
}