{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12620\viewh13960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Machine Learning Engineering Requirements:
\b0 \
1. Languages:\
	1. Python\
	2. Java\
	3. R\
	4. C++\
	5. C	\
	6. JavaScript\
	7. Scala\
	8. Julia\
2. Skills:\
	1. Master\'92s or Ph.D: \
		1. Computer science\
		2. Mathematics\
		3. Statistics\
	2. Java, Python and R: Experience\
	3. Processes: Experience\
		1. Vision processing\
		2. Deep neural networks\
		3. Gaussian processes\
		4. Reinforcement learning\
	4. Theories: Solid understanding\
		1. Probability\
		2. Statistics\
	5. Theories: Solid understanding\
		1. Mathematics\
			1. Algorithm theory: Machine learning (including complex algorithms for learning and communicating)\
	6. Engineering: Advanced knowledge\
	7. Strong analytical skills\
	8. MATLAB: experience\
	9. Big data: experience with large data in high throughput environment\
	10. Linux: SysAdmin skills\
	11. Distributed systems tools: Experience\
		1. Etcd\
		2. Zookeeper\
		3. Consul\
	12. Messaging tools: Experience\
		1. Kafka\
		2. RabbitMQ\
		3. ZeroMQ\
	13. Evaluation metrics & best practices: Extensive knowledge\
	14. Infrastructure as Code: Competency\
		1. Terraform\
		2. Cloudformation\
Activities:\
	1. Develop machine learning models\
	2. Collaborate with data engineers to develop data and model pipelines\
	3. Apply machine learning and data science techniques and design distributed systems\
	4. Write production-level code\
	5. Bring code to production\
	6. Engage in code reviews\
	7. Improve existing machine learning models\
	8. Be in charge of the entire lifecycle\
		1. Research\
		2. Design\
		3. Experimentation\
		4. Development\
		5. Deployment\
		6. Monitoring\
		7. Maintenance\
	9. Produce project outcomes and isolate issues\
	10. Implement machine learning algorithms and libraries\
	11. Communicate complex processes to business leaders\
	12. Analyse large and complex data sets to derive valuable insights\
	13. Research and implement best practices to enhance existing machine learning infrastructure\
\

\b Data Scientist Requirements:\

\b0 1. Skills:\
	1. Master\'92s or Ph.D: (Solid experience can be a substitute)\
		1. Computer science\
		2. Engineering\
		3. Mathematics\
		4. Statistics\
	2. Languages:\
		1. Java\
		2. Python\
		3. SQL\
	3. Mathematics: Strong\
	4. Analytical Skills: Strong\
	5. Statistical and data mining techniques\
		1. Boosting\
		2. Generalized linear models / regression\
		3. Random forests\
		4. Trees\
		5. Social network analysis\
	6. Advanced statistical methods and concepts: Knowledge\
	7. Machine learning techniques: Experience\
		1. Artificial neural networks\
		2. Clustering\
		3. Decision tree learning\
	8. Web services: Experience\
		1. Digital ocean\
		2. Redshift\
		3. S3\
		4. Spark\
	9. Building statistical models and manipulating data sets: 5-7 years\
	10. Analysing data from third-party providers: Experience\
		1. AdWords\
		2. Coremetrics\
		3. Crimson\
		4. Facebook Insights\
		5. Google Analytics\
		6. Hexagon\
		7. Site Catalyst\
	11. Distributed data and computing tools: Experience\
		1. Hadoop\
		2. Hive\
		3. Gurobi\
		4. Map/Reduce\
		5. MySQL\
		6. Spark\
	12. Visualizing and presenting data using Business Objects: Experience\
		1. D3\
		2. ggplot\
		3. Periscope\
2. Activities:\
	1. Research and develop statistical models for analysis\
	2. Better understand company needs and devise possible solutions by collaborating with product management and engineering departments\
	3. Communicate results and statistical concepts to key business leaders\
	4. Use appropriate databases and project designs to optimise joint development efforts\
	5. Develop custom data models and algorithms\
	6. Build processes and tools to help monitor and analyse performance and data accuracy\
	7. Use predictive modelling to enhance and optimise customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting, and more\
	8. Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality\
\
}