{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Engineering mathematics\
2. C programming\
3. Basic electronics\
4. Electronic circuits\
5. Logic design\
6. Discrete Mathematics\
7. Data Structures in C\
8. OOP with C++\
9. Graph theory and combinatorics\
10. Algorithms\
11. Finite automata and formal languages\
12. Microprocessors\
13. Computer organisation\
14. Systems software\
15. Operating systems\
16. Databases\
17. Data communication\
18. Unix & Shell programming\
19. Systems programming\
20. Software engineering\
21. Computer graphics\
22. System simulation and modeling\
23. Compiler design\
24. Object oriented analysis and design\
25. Java\
26. Computer networks\
27. Distributed Operating systems\
28. C# and .Net\
29. Computer architecture\
30. Mobile communications\
31. Cryptography and network security\
\
Research areas: \
MIT:\
Information Systems (system, information and network science, signal processing)\
Circuits (electronic circuits and systems, microprocessor based control, digital and analog signal processing)\
Applied Physics and Devices\
Biomedical Sciences & Engineering (understand and/or engineer systems that solve important biological problems)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Computer Science (Artificial Intelligence)
\b0 \
Computer Science (Systems)\
Computer Science (Theory)\

\b Bioinformatics and Computational Biology
\b0 \
\
University of Minnasotta:\
1. Architectures, compiler optimisation, embedded systems\
2. 
\b Bioinformatics and computational biology
\b0 \
3. Data mining, databases, geographical information systems\
4. Graphics and visualisation\
5. High performance computing\
6. Human computer interaction\
7. Networks, distributed systems and security\
8. Robotics and Artificial Intelligence\
9. Software engineering and Programming Languages\
10. Theoretical Foundations\
}