{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red33\green255\blue6;\red253\green128\blue8;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c57637\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh6460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Topics:
\b0 \
Spring Data\
	Spring Data MongoDB\
	Spring Data Redis\
	Spring Data R2DBC\
	Spring Data Apache Cassandra\
Spring Cloud\
	\cb2 Spring Cloud for Amazon Web Services\cb1 \
	Spring Cloud Bus\
	Spring Cloud Circuit Breaker\
	Spring Cloud CLI\
	Spring Cloud Cluster\
	Spring Cloud Commons\
	Spring Cloud Config\
	Spring Cloud Connectors\
	Spring Cloud Consul\
	Spring Cloud Function\
	Spring Cloud Gateway\
	Spring Cloud Kubernetes\
	Spring Cloud Netflix\
	Spring Cloud Open Service Broker\
	Spring Cloud OpenFeign\
	Spring Cloud Pipelines\
	Spring Cloud Schema Registry\
	Spring Cloud Security\
	Spring Cloud Sleuth\
	Spring Cloud Stream\
	Spring Cloud Task\
	Spring Cloud Vault\
	Spring Cloud Zookeeper\
	Spring Cloud App Broker\
Spring Security\
	Spring Security OAuth\
Spring Session\
	Spring Session Core\
	Spring Session Data Redis\
Spring Integration\
Spring HATEOAS\
Spring REST Docs\
Spring Batch\
Spring AMQP\
Spring for Apache Kafka\
Spring LDAP\
Spring Roo\
Spring Vault\
\

\b Spring IO:
\b0 \
Getting Started Guides: - 15 minutes x 24 ~ 8 hours\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 1. Scheduling Tasks\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 2. Authenticating a User with LDAP\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 3. Messaging with Redis\cb1 \
\cb3 4. Messaging with RabbitMQ\cb1 \
\cb3 5. Messaging with JMS\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 6. Creation of a Batch Service\cb1 \
\cb2 7. Building a Hypermedia-Driven RESTful Web Service\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 8. Integrating Data\cb1 \
\cb3 9. Managing Transactions\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 10. Accessing Data with MongoDB\cb1 \
11. Converting a Spring Boot JAR Application to a WAR\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 12. Creation of Asynchronous Methods\cb1 \
13. Handling Form Submission\
14. Using WebSocket to Build an Interactive Web Application\
15. Enabling Cross Origin Requests for a RESTful Web Service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 16. Accessing MongoDB Data with REST\cb1 \
17. Caching Data with Spring\
\cb2 18. Service Registry and Discovery\cb1 \
\cb2 19. Centralized Configuration\cb1 \
\cb2 20. Routing and Filtering\cb1 \
\cb2 21. Circuit Breaker\cb1 \
\cb2 22. Client Side Load Balancing with Ribbon and Spring Cloud\cb1 \
23. Testing the Web Layer\
\cb2 24. Multi Module Project\cb1 \
\cb2 25. API Documentation with Restdocs\cb1 \
\cb2 26. Messaging with Google Cloud Pub/Sub\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 27. Building a Reactive RESTful Web Service\cb1 \
28. Consumer Driven Contracts\
29. Accessing Vault\
30. Vault Configuration\
\cb3 31. Accessing Data Reactively with Redis\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 32. Building a Gateway\cb1 \
\cb2 33. Client-Side Load-Balancing with Spring Cloud LoadBalancer\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 34. Spring Cloud Stream\cb1 \
\cb4 35. Spring Cloud Data Flow\cb1 \
36. Spring Cloud Task\
37. Spring Cloud Kubernetes\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 38. Accessing data with R2DBC\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 39. Spring Cloud Circuit Breaker Guide\cb1 \
40. Observability with Spring\
\
Topical Guides - < 1 hour\
\cb2 1. Spring Security Architecture\cb1 \
\
Tutorials: 2-3 hours\
1. React.js and Spring Data REST\
2. Spring Boot and OAuth2\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Gaps in Knowledge
\b0 \
1. What is AMQP?\
	1. Queue is bound to an exchange\
	2. Routing Key identifies the Queue to which message is sent\
	3. Sender sends message to exchange which routes message to appropriate queue based on routing key\
	4. Subscriber receives message from the queue\
2. What is Reactive Streams spec?\
3. What is CQRS?\
	1. https://martinfowler.com/bliki/CQRS.html\
		1. Command-Query Responsibility Segregation\
}