{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh13900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Tell me about yourself\
	1. Don\'92t give complete employment or personal history\
	2. Give pitch - concise and compelling & shows why you\'92re right fit for the job\
		1. Use present, past, future formula\
			1. A little about current role (scope + one big accomplishment)\
			2. How I got there and relevant experience\
			3. Why am I perfect for the role\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/tell-me-about-yourself-interview-question-answer-examples\
2. How did you hear about this position?\
	1. Show passion and connection for the company\
		1. If found through friend or professional contact\
			1. name-drop the person\
	2. Share why you were excited about the job\
		1. Share what specifically caught my eye\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/3-ways-people-mess-up-the-simple-answer-to-how-did-you-come-across-this-job-opportunity\
3. Why do you want to work at this company?\
	1. Stand out (answer should not apply to many other companies)\
	2. One of 4 strategies (MIT) - be specific - if not it is a red flag\
		1. Do research & point to something that makes company unique that appeals to me\
		2. Talk about how I watched company grow and change since I first heard of it\
		3. Focus on organisation\'92s opportunities for future growth and how I can contribute to it\
		4. What\'92s gotten me excited from my interactions with employees so far\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/4-better-ways-to-answer-why-do-you-want-to-work-at-this-company\
4. Why do you want this job?\
	1. Need to show passion for the job and have a great answer\
	2. Identify couple of key factors that make the role great fit for me\
		1. Example: I love customer support because I love the constant human interaction and the satisfaction that comes from helping someone solve a problem\
	3. Share why you love the company\
		1. Example: I\'92ve always been passionate about education, and I think you\'92re doing great things, so I want to be a part of it\
	4. https://www.themuse.com/advice/3-steps-for-answering-why-do-you-want-this-job\
5. Why should we hire you?\
	1. Sell yourself and your skills to hiring manager\
	2. Cover three things\
		1. Can not just do work but deliver great results\
		2. Can fit in with team and culture\
		3. I would be better hire than other candidates\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/3-better-ways-to-answer-why-should-we-hire-you\
6. What are your greatest strengths?\
	1. Think how can I be great fit for this role\
		1. Think quality & not quantity\
			1. Pick one or two specific qualities relevant to the position and illustrate with examples\
				1. Narrate a story\
	2. Give standing out examples (that I could not mention before)\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/3-smart-strategies-for-answering-whats-your-greatest-strength\
7. What do you consider to be your weaknesses?\
	1. Purpose: To gauge self-awareness and honesty\
		1. Strike a balance by thinking of something I struggle with that I am working to improve\
			1. May be not strong at public speaking - but recently volunteered to run meetings to help me get more comfortable when addressing crowd\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/4-ways-to-answer-whats-your-biggest-weakness-that-actually-sound-believable\
\
Work History:\
	1. Versatile stories: https://www.themuse.com/advice/6-types-of-stories-you-should-have-on-hand-for-job-interviews\
	2. Behavioral interview questions: https://www.themuse.com/advice/30-behavioral-interview-questions-you-should-be-ready-to-answer\
\
8. What is your greatest professional achievement?\
	1. Use STAR method: \
		1. Situation - setup situation\
		2. Task - setup task that I was to complete (to give a background and context - \'93In my last job as a junior analyst, it was my role to manage the invoicing process\'94)\
		3. Action - what I did\
		4. Results - what was achieved - \'93In one month, I streamlined the process, which saved my group 10 person-hours each month and reduced errors on invoices by 25%\'94\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/greatest-accomplishment-interview-question-answer-examples\
\
9. Tell me about a challenge or conflict you\'92ve faced at work, and how you dealt with it.\
	1. Don\'92t pretend we never had one\
		1. Be honest about a difficult situation you\'92ve faced (not details that we would vent to a friend)\
	2. Used to test my willingness to face the kinds of issues head-on and make sincere attempt at coming to a resolution\
	3. Stay calm and professional when I tell the story (answer follow-up questions if any)\
		1. Talk more about resolution than conflict\
		2. Mention what I would do differently next time to show I am open to learning\
	4. https://www.themuse.com/advice/3-ways-youre-messing-up-the-answer-to-tell-me-about-a-conflict-youve-faced-at-work\
\
10. Tell me about a time you demonstrated leadership skills\
	1. When did I head up a project?\
	2. When did I take initiative to propose and alternative process?\
	3. When did I help motivate team to get things done?\
	4. Use STAR method:\
		1. Tell story with enough details to paint a picture (not too much) but give the result\
	5. https://www.themuse.com/advice/demonstrated-leadership-skills-job-interview-question-answer-examples\
\
11. What\'92s a time you disagreed with a decision that was made at work?\
	1. It is situation where I handled disagreement professionally & learnt something from experience\
		1. Pay attention to how I start and end my response (MIT)\
			1. Open with short statement to frame rest of the answer (which nods at ultimate takeaway or reason I am telling the story)\
				1. Example: I learned early on in my professional career that it\'92s fine to disagree if I can back up my hunches with data\
			2. Close with one sentence summary of answer (\'93In short \'85\'94) or\
			3. Talk briefly about what I learned from this experience would help me in the role I am interviewing for\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/conflict-with-boss-interview-question-answer-examples\
\
12. Tell me about a time you made a mistake\
	1. Be honest without placing blame on other people\
	2. Explain what I learnt from mistake and what actions I tool to ensure it didn\'92t happen again\
		1. self-awareness, taking feedback, caring about doing better are key skills that employers want\
\
13. Tell me about a time you failed\
	1. Similar to making a mistake\
	2. Pick real actual failure that I can speak honestly about\
		1. Define failure to interviewer (my perspective)\
			1. Example: \'93As a manager, I consider it a failure whenever I\'92m caught by surprise. I strive to know what\'92s going on with my team and their work\'94\
		2. Bring in a story that relates to the statement and explain what happened\
		3. Share what I learnt (It is okay to fail but need to explain what I learnt from the experience)\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/4-steps-for-answering-tell-me-about-a-time-you-failed\
\
14. Why are you leaving your current job?\
	1. Tell I am eager to take on new opportunities and that role I am interviewing for is a better fit for me\
		1. Example: \'93I\'92d love to be part of product development from beginning to end and I know I\'92d have that opportunity here\'94\
		2. Example: \'93Unfortunately, I was let go\'94\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/4-better-ways-to-answer-why-are-you-leaving-your-job\
\
15. Why were you fired?\
	1. Give reason:\
		1. Example: \'93The company [reorganized/merged/was acquired] and unfortunately my [position/department] was eliminated\'94\
	2. but for performance reasons?\
		1. Frame it as a learning experience\
			1. Share how I have grown and how I approach job and life now as a result - try to portray my growth as an advantage for the next job\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/stop-cringing-how-to-tell-an-interviewer-youve-been-fired\
\
16. Why was there a gap in your employment?\
	1. Taking care of children? Aging parents? Dealing with health issues? traveling the world? Took a long time to land the right job?\
	2. Be prepared to discuss the gap (or gaps) on resume\
		1. Practice saying answer out loud\
		2. Be honest (don\'92t share unnecessary details)\
		3. Mention qualities or skills gained in time away from workforce\
			1. Volunteer work\
			2. Running home\
			3. Responding to personal crisis\
		4. Can talk about how those can help me excel in the role\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/how-to-explain-the-gap-in-your-resume-with-ease\
\
17. Can you explain why you changed career paths?\
	1. Explain reasons for the choices\
		1. Give a few examples of how past experience is transferable to new role (https://www.themuse.com/advice/transferable-skills-definition-examples) - doesn\'92t have to be a direct connection (seemingly irrelevant experience can be relevant to the role - explain how)\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/how-to-explain-your-winding-career-path-to-a-hiring-manager\
\
18. What\'92s your current salary?\
	1. The question can be deflected (if illegal to ask)\
		1. \'93Before discussing any salary, I\'92d really like to learn more about what this role entails, I\'92ve done a lot of research on [Company] and I am certain if it\'92s the right fit, we\'92ll be able to agree on a number that\'92s fair and competitive to both parties\'94\
	2. Can also reframe the question around salary expectations or requirements or choose a number if I think it works in my favour\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/answer-illegal-salary-question-right-way\
\
19. What do you like least about your job?\
	1. Don\'92t rant about how terrible the current company is or how much I hate my boss or one coworker\
	2. Focus on opportunity that the role offers that the current job did not offer\
		1. Explain why this job excited me more than the current job - keep it positive\
	3. https://www.themuse.com/advice/what-do-you-like-least-about-your-job-interview-question-answer\
\
Goals: what am I looking for in a job? a team? company? manager? what are my goals? (use it as an opportunity)\
\
20. What are you looking for in a new position?\
	1. Ideally the same things the position has to offer (be specific)\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/4-steps-for-answering-what-are-you-looking-for-in-a-new-position\
\
21. What type of work environment do you prefer?\
	1. Similar to environment the company that I am applying to (be specific)\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/what-type-of-work-environment-do-you-prefer-interview-question-answer-example\
\
22. What\'92s your management style?\
	1. Best managers are strong but flexible\
		1. \'93While every situation and every team member requires a bit of a different strategy. I tend to approach my employee relationships as a coach\'85\'94\
			1. Give couple examples of best managerial moments\
				1. Grew team from 5 to 15 say (or coached an underperforming employee to become company\'92s top salesperson)\
	2. https://www.themuse.com/advice/how-to-answer-whats-your-management-style\
\
23. How would your boss and coworkers describe you?\
24. How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?\
25. What do you like to do outside of work?\
26. Are you planning on having children?\
27. How do you prioritise your work?\
28. What are you passionate about?\
29. What motivates you?\
30. What you your pet peeves?\
31. How do you like to be managed?\
32. Where do you see yourself in five years?\
33. What\'92s your dream job?\
34. What other companies are you interviewing with?\
35. What makes you unique?\
36. What should I know that\'92s not on your resume?\
37. What would your first 30, 60, or 90 days look like in this role?\
38. What are your salary expectations?\
39. What do you think we could do better or differently?\
40. When can you start?\
41. Are you willing to relocate?\
42. How many tennis balls can you fit into a limousine?\
43. If you were an animal, which one would you want to be?\
44. Sell me this pen?\
45. Is there anything else you\'92d like us to know?\
46. Do you have any questions for us?}