{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green255\blue6;\red255\green255\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12620\viewh13640\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Study Plan for Interviews:
\b0 \
1. Java (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Gaps:\
		\cb2 1. Multithreading\cb1 \
		\cb2 2. Enumerations\cb1 \
		\cb3 3. Annotations\cb1 \
		4. I/O\
		5. Try-with-resources\
		6. Functional interfaces\
		7. Modules\
		8. NIO\
		9. Event Handling\
		10. Concurrency\
		11. Stream API\
		12. Regular Expressions\
		13. JShell\
		14. Internals\
			1. Garbage Collector\
				1. Algorithms\
			2. Memory model\
			3. Threads\
2. Design Patterns (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Gaps:\
		1. Introduction\
		2. Factory Method\
		3. Singleton\
		4. Discussion of Creational Patterns\
		5. Adapter\
		6. Decorator\
		7. Iterator\
		\cb2 8. Observer\cb1 \
		\cb2 9. State\cb1 \
		10. Conclusion\
3. Java EE (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Gaps:\
		\cb3 1. Servlets\cb1 \
4. Data Structures (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Gaps\
		\cb3 1. Graph Data Structures\cb1 \
5. Algorithms (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	2. Gaps\
		\cb3 1. Graph Algorithms\cb1 \
6. UML (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Class Diagrams\
7. Spring & Spring Boot (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Topics\
		\cb3 1. Reactive - POCs\cb1 \
		2. Third party services\
			1. POCs\
8. Spring Cloud\
	1. Gaps:\
		1. Topics:\
			1. POCs\
				1. Spring Cloud\
					1. AWS\
					2. Bus\
					3. Cluster\
					4. Commons\
					5. Config\
					6. Connectors\
					7. Consul\
					8. Contract\
					9. Function\
					10. Gateway\
					11. GCP\
					12. Netflix\
					13. Open Service Broker\
					14. Pipelines\
					15. Schema Registry\
					16. Security\
					17. Skipper\
					18. Sleuth\
					19. Stream\
					20. Stream App Starters\
					21. Stream Applications\
					22. Task\
					23. Task App Starters\
					24. Vault\
					25. Zookeeper\
					26. App Broker\
					27. Circuit Breaker\
					28. Kuberneters\
					29. OpenFeign\
				2. Spring Data\
					1. LDAP\
					2. MongoDB\
					3. Redis\
					4. R2DBC\
					5. Cassandra\
					6. Solr\
					7. Couchbase\
					8. Neo4j\
					9. Hadoop\
				3. Security\
				4. Session\
				5. Integration\
				6. HATEOAS\
				7. REST Docs\
				8. Batch\
				9. AMQP\
				10. Spring from Android\
				11. Apache Kafka\
				12. LDAP\
				13. Roo\
				14. Shell\
				15. Statemachine\
				16. Vault\
				17. Web Flow\
				18. Web Services\
		2. Books:\
			1. Microservices with Spring Boot and Spring Cloud\
8. Hibernate (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Gaps\
		1. Search\
		2. Validator\
		\cb3 3. OGM (Domain model persistence in NoSQL)\cb1 \
		4. Hibernate Tools\
		5. Hibernate Reactive\
9. JUnit (Review + Fill Gaps)\
10. Mockito (Review + Fill Gaps)\
11. Object Oriented Design\
	1. Gaps:\
		\cb3 1. Object Oriented Analysis and Design\cb1 \
11. Software Architecture (Review + Fill Gaps)\
	1. Gaps:\
		1. Books:\
			1. Applying UML and Patterns\
			\cb3 2. System Design Interview\cb1 \
			3. Domain Driven Design\
			4. Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture\
		}